$Id$

--------------------
Detailed Information
--------------------

POE is bigger than this README.  Please see its web site at
http://poe.perl.org/ for more information.

---------------------
Documentation Roadmap
---------------------

POE includes a lot of documentation.  The main POE man page includes
references to everything else.

POE has been around for a while.  The CHANGES file has been limited to
changes in the past year to help keep the distribution size down.
POE's web site includes a complete change history broken down by
release.

--------------
Installing POE
--------------

See http://poe.perl.org/?Where_to_Get_POE for download sites, Windows
installation tips, and anonymous CVS instructions.

POE may be installed through the CPAN shell in the usual manner.

  % perl -MCPAN -e shell
  cpan> install POE

To install on a Win32 machine using ActiveState's PPM.  If PPM fails,
try PPM3.

  > ppm install http://unc.dl.sourceforge.net/sourceforge/poe/POE.ppd

or

  > ppm3 install http://unc.dl.sourceforge.net/sourceforge/poe/POE.ppd

------------
Test Results
------------

POE is tested before each release, and afterwards by at least two
groups of people.  Each group posts its results on the web:

  http://eekeek.org/poe-tests/
    -- Automated test reports by users like you.

  http://testers.cpan.org/search?request=dist&dist=POE
    -- CPAN testers' reports.

POE's ongoing improvement relies on your feedback.  The easiest way to
let us know how we're doing is to "make reportupload" after building
POE.

  % make reportupload

Reportupload will test POE, generate a report file, and upload it.  If
the upload fails, you can send it manually from the form at
<http://eekeek.org/poe-tests/>.

You can also file bug reports, feature requests, and even success
stories by e-mailing <bug-POE@rt.cpan.org>.

-------------
Test Coverage
-------------

POE's tests cover a significant portion of the distribution.  A
thumbnail sketch of POE's test coverage is available, but do not use
it as an accurate gauge of quality.

  http://poe.perl.org/?POE%27s_test_coverage_report

-----------
What POE Is
-----------

POE is a networking and multitasking (some say cooperative threading)
framework for Perl.  It has been in active development since 1996,
with its first open release in 1998.  O'Reilly's Perl Conference (now
OSCON) named POE "Best New Module" in 1999.

POE has been used in mission-critical systems such as internetworked
financial markets, file systems, commerce and application servers.  It
has been used in projects ranging from a few lines of code to tens of
thousands.

POE is compatible with perl versions as old as 5.005_03.  This may
change in the future.

POE includes an evolving component framework.  Components are
high-level, modular, reusable pieces of programs.  Several components
have been published on the CPAN, and more are listed on POE's web
site.

POE includes components and libraries for making quick work of network
clients, servers, and peers.  A simple stand-alone web application
takes about 30 lines of code, most of which is your own custom logic.

----
Bye!
----

Thanks for reading!

-- Rocco Caputo / rcaputo@cpan.org / poe.perl.org
